Subject : Fiz
Age : 18




A bloodbath with nothingness began to span. Cells…cells, have you ever been in an institutions? When you’re not performing yout duties do they keep you in a little box? Cells…cells. Interlinked….Interlinked…what it’s like to hold a child Interlinked….interlinked. Do you long for being interlinked? Interlinked….within cells interlinked. Why dont you say that three times? Within cells interlinked….within cells interlinked…..within cells interlinked…




Its me…dont try to fight the voices cause it might hurt ya. Its me…dont try to fight the voices cause it might hurt ya. Its me…dont try to fight the voices cause it might hurt ya. Its me…dont try to fight the voices cause it might hurt ya. Its me…dont try to fight the voices cause it might hurt ya. Its me…dont try to fight the voices cause it might hurt ya. Its me…dont try to fight the voices cause it might hurt ya. Its me…dont try to fight the voices cause it might hurt ya. Its me…dont try to fight the voices cause it might hurt ya. Its me…dont try to fight the voices cause it might hurt ya. Its me….you know its been a long time since I speak like this. Its me…




What is wrong with me? What is wrong with everyone? Did I do something wrong? Was I innocent? Am I sleeping? Had I Slept? What was it look like yesterday? Everything is a copy of a copy of a copy. And this is where I met….Tyler Durden.


The voices keeps getting louder and louder. It gets my head every time I get on with people. I dont know how long it will take or cost. That’s a lot of it. I had to…I…I….I just had to think a lot of things….I guess Im a pretty sick guy, Im not sure why or how. You had any sleep last night? I dont sleep…I just dream. World needs bad men….we keep the other bad men from the door. 


What the fuck is this nonsense Im talking about? I dont really believe in consequence anymore. I think my mask if sanity…is about to slip. Loneliness has followed me my whole life…everywhere…in class…organization…sidewalks…stores...everywhere. There is no escape…Im god’s lonely man. All the animals come out at night…some day a rain will come out and wash the rain off the streets. That bag? It doesnt have any feelings…its empty. I dont have any feelings you could hurt either. 


Hello friend…hello friend….you at least try….you at least understand. What it’s like to feel alone…you understand the pain. You’re gonna have to let it all go. JUST LET GO. We are god’s unwanted children? SO FUCKING BE IT.
She always tells me to smile….and put on a happy face. We’re the children in the middle of history man….we have no great war…no great depression….our great war is a spiritual war….our great depression…is our lives.


My life has been a circle of violence and degradation…..Im ready to tie it off. 


I cant stand for it anymore…


I can be hard to live with…I dont mean to but i can be…critical. And sometimes I’m just not good for people. You know that its not good for me to be around them. 


I can see through my eyes…its corrosive….


My mind starts slowly eating my sense….


I dont know whats real anymore….


You were just trying to save me but its too late….cause I gotta wake up


Mountain cats will come…to drag away your bones


Then rise with me forever…across this silence sand…and the stars will be your eyes…and the wind will be my hand


And strange hands halted me, the looming shadow dance….


I fell down to the thorny brush…and felt the trembling hands


Death should be deliverance…


What is wrong with me?

What the fuck is wrong with me?

Is that It?


I dont sleep….I just dream


I cant fight my own mind….too fucking strong. This confession…has meant…nothing